Mmm, this is delicious.
I mean is there anything you can't do?
Well, I can't juggle.
No, I'm serious.
I mean how'd you learn all these special skills?
Well, it takes three steps.
One, you mother has to pass away.
Two, your father has to remarry and evil.
That means you have to have a bully as a stepsister.
After that, you can learn anything.
I'm excited to pray.
Hey, aren't you supposed to be asleep?
Hey, they have a point.
You know, I sell crystal shoes, and Daddy tries to pump and carry.
I'll clean up to her for you, my prince.
Don't worry about it, Cinderella.
Let me do it.
It's a bad relax.
Things are going great with your little gold.
Christina, Ag.
Care so much about her.
You wouldn't be touching real feelings now, would you?
Don't be stupid.
She's dreaming.
Hey, that scar is in the face of this.
Come by the clinic and we'll get that fixed up.
Yeah, sure.
It's been so long since I've felt a man.
Looks so familiar if I've seen it.
Sorry.
You got it.
Go back to bed.
Her cool family?
Hello.
Mmm.
Is that a relax?
Are those really expensive, how do you help them?
Oh, no.
This is a fake.
You know, we turned to the real model that actually exists in the real world.
Huh.
Fake.
Mmm.
Like I said that earlier, it looks so real.
Yeah.
The detail limits.
I can't eat.
But I mean, you could afford a $2 million watch, right?
Sure.
Yeah.
Could you give me two more of us for my friends?
I think it'd be great gifts.
Anything for you, sweetie.
Mmm.
I wanna do now.
Hi, sweetie.
Here, take this money and go buy some ice cream.
Mommy will be off work soon, okay?
Okay, Mommy.
Okay.
Christina.
Hey, sis.
Welcome.
Is there anything I can help you with?
I didn't know you worked here.
I wish you had told me earlier that I could have been happy for a few days.
Do you regret cutting ties with the family yet?
Yes.
I deeply, deeply regret it.
I should have left that bloody place sooner.
So I didn't have to find out how truly ugly you are.
You always act so tough.
But I don't believe it for a second.
Dad just bought me a house on the outskirts.
Just?
I don't care about your personal matters.
If you're not gonna buy shoes, can you please leave?
Who said I'm not buying anything?
I want you to help me personally.
Why is being bullied?
These are the hottest pick of the season.
Well, shouldn't you put them on me?
How else do I know if they look good or not?
I've went to design school and here I am,
designing high heels for a luxury brand.
And here you are.
Where are them?
Peter's $7,000.
Will that be cash or card?
Hold on.
Let me think about it.
What do you think you're doing?
I just sent this to our old school friends.
Huh?
They said you look amazing.
Do you want me to wrap these up for you?
This sale covers two months of my commission,
so feel free to come back in tonight.
Sweetie, are you okay?
You're a mother?
I don't know how to do this.
These are my husband's children and it's none of your business.
Oh.
You're a stunt mother?
Mommy, you're a business woman.
So you just push around a little girl?
Are you happy?
What's wrong with you?
So I pushed her a little.
What's the big deal?
Hello?
911?
Yes.
There's been an incident at the idea issue store on shame, Marlene.
Yeah.
It's been a bad accident.
Calling 911 because your kid was shoved a little.
You're so dramatic.
Oh.
It's not for her.
Suggest to see how good sex are.
I'll put hatred into fear.
It's a shame while security cameras burn today.
You have?
Yes.
Try as you can eat.
I guess we gotta add.
I find your special skills.
Yeah.
That's my resume.
But I need a new job after this.
Don't worry, darling.
I'll always take care of you.
I put a little money away for a rainy day like this.
Just doing...
I was drawing with the kids over here.
Hey.
You got a real talent.
More than just a sales person.
Why don't you be more than just a driver?
I just never want to and nobody ever really cared if I went in.
Look.
I heard that.
The creative agency.
It's looking for a design assistance.
Wait.
O.L.?
Yeah.
Like the number one agency in the city?
No.
That's not a bad idea.
I need you to give a heads up to O.L.
A range of design assistance.
Okay.
Mr. Parker.
From the red star real estate,
comes to meet with you at the Starlight Club tonight.
His assistant says he's about to ready to cause a deal.
Mr. Parker for raising us with your presence.
We truly hope to meet Parker with Parker corporations.
Let's just celebrate that.
Yeah.
Cheers.
Here we go.
Or drinks as requested.
Evan.
Why is he touching you?
Oh, well.
It's actually a funny story, you know.
My boss is meeting him to sign a deal.
What do you drink too much?
It's a real lightweight, you know.
So my boss asked me to take one for the team.
Because this guy drinks a lot.
And if we can keep up, he will sign the deal.
And I'll get a huge bonus for the boss.
Wait, wait, wait.
What exactly are you taking for the team and where are you taking it?
Oh, God.
No.
No, no, no.
He drinks a lot.
And if we keep up, he'll sign the deal.
My boss will give me a huge bonus, so please don't.
Look at this for me.
I hate rich people.
They're always taking advantage of people like this.
You know what?
Do it with us.
I got it.
You want to drink?
Let's drink.
Good life.
And carrots won't look like this before.
Do you want some water or something?
No.
You shouldn't drink if you can't handle your liquor.
What?
Let's see if you can handle it.
You okay?
Morning sleep computer.
What do you want for breakfast?
Why are you being all caring all of a sudden?
Last word.
Last word?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, I kissed a dog.
There's food in the fridge.
Make whatever you want.
Brad's on the OL job, by the way.
I guess this dog knows a few useful tricks, huh?
I got a job offer from the well.
Actually, honey, mom doesn't like kissing dogs.
He's just, he's being a grumpy man.
He doesn't want to kiss mom.
Okay, grumpy, grumpy, grumpy.
Okay, that is the complete part of it.
Hey boss.
It was a bit jammed.
We're going to be leaving.
Bumps?
No.
No, you missed her.
He said, it's an ass.
In a cool nickname.
Let's see.
Let's go.
I didn't expect you to know the CEO's assistant.
You got a really good connection.
Wait.
I got the OL designer job really slowly.
Is that because you use your connections by an assistant?
No, come on.
But I'm just a driver, you know?
I'm Christina Hayes.
I'm a new design assistant.
And I cannot wait to help this great agency reach new heights.
You persistent.
I could say the same thing about you.
A sales person with a high school education thinks they're qualified to be my colleague.
That's rich.
Well, good thing you're not the one hiring.
Management, obviously, thinks that I'm qualified.
So, if you don't want to work here anymore, feel free to leave anytime.
Everyone, Ryan has just arrived downstairs.
Hurry and get ready.
Christina, Ryan is a very important client returning from overseas.
He's looking for new designs for his shoe brand.
If you mess this up, prepare to be fired.
I'm not satisfied with these.
I mean, you guys used to do excellent work.
Is this all we got?
A shut up.
Apologies, Ryan.
She's a new design assistant.
And she plagiarized someone else's work.
Is that so?
Yes.
Indeed.
I did reference someone else's work.
Inspired by the famous painting, a glass of wine, the design of the heels are based on the lines of a wine glass.
It's passionate, unrestrained, but holds nobility.
I think it's very on-brand for your company and my humble opinion.
I am impressed.
The shape of a wine glass.
Let me guess.
You must be a fan of red wine.
Yes.
My husband is a wizard at finding great deals for red wine.
I've learned a few things about red wine from him, actually.
I feel like sometimes the only inspiration that I need comes from reaching the bottom of a bottom.
You have charm.
And I can tell that oil still has the top talents.
I look forward to working with you guys.
This, Ryan, we are thrilled to work with you.
Christina, why don't we invite Ryan over to your place tonight to sample some of this amazing wine?
Well, we just moved into our house, so it's quite messy.
I wouldn't want to inconvenience him.
Oh, nonsense.
I'm sure Ryan doesn't mind a few moving boxes.
Unless you don't want anyone to go over because you're lying about the wine.
Of course not.
Thank you.
Let's see how you can pull this.
Hello?
Have you got it?
You don't want me to trip.
Mason, listen closely.
When we have the big client coming over at 6 p.m. tonight, take your sister and hide in your room.
I must not be disturbed, understood?
Yes, ma'am.
I don't have time to explain.
Can you please just do as I ask?
You got it, mommy.
Is mommy in trouble?
No, boy can help it.
Nanny, mommy's in trouble.
We need your help.
A cool light.
Are you sure you guys don't want to go somewhere else?
This place is perfect.
Hellman Original.
It can't possibly be this.
That's too bad, but at least there's the wine, right?
Now, where's this wonderful wine you were telling us all about?
Is this in 1987 a total of feet, Rothschild?
Yes.
What do you know about wine?
Obviously more than you.
I mean, for someone who drinks so much, I'm surprised you don't know what this is.
My whole life.
I've dreamt of tasting this vintage.
As Hayes, I never expected your family to be so wealthy.
This wine is too precious, I dare not drink it.
You may cast.
Drink as you please.
Thank you for your hospitality.
I actually brought some dessert.
If that's okay, I'd like mango cake.
I appreciate it, but me and my step-children are allergic.
Your home is decorated with some great taste and quite a bit of flair.
Cheers to the homemaker.
Cheers.
You want me to feel the allergic?
Don't you know the allergic to mangoes?
Quick to the emergency room.
Wait, don't you?
Just in front of your husband's.
Hurry up.
How are my son-in-law Linda?
She's fine.
Just resting.
Hey, Christina?
She's been taking care of the kids.
She cares about them a lot.
Maybe she'd come clean.
Me, Son, Linda.
Hey, you're okay.
You're okay.
Just relax.
I'm so sorry.
I don't know how they got their hands on that mango cake.
It's okay.
Everyone makes mistakes.
Everyone has those days.
And, uh, you know, another year.
Here, I want to talk to you about something.
What?
I'm not just some broke.
I'm the kind of guy who's in magazines.
And newspapers.
And I actually got my own, uh,
Wikipedia page dedicated to me.
Are you a wanted criminal?
You-you mentioned having an ex-wife
that went abroad after your divorce.
Is that what this is about?
If I'm just a wanted criminal,
why'd I be walking around public?
No.
I want it.
What I actually want to tell you is...
I, um...
Oh, okay.
You're both here.
Is everything okay?
I'm waiting for one more to slow it from Mason,
but it seems like that we're covering
and giving it discharge by morning.
Oh, thank God.
Thank you, Gary.
Oh!
By the way, Christina,
congrats on the new job.
Do you see Ethan Parker rounds?
Let me know.
Why would Ethan Parker be around a while?
Because it's owned by the Parker Corporation.
Wait.
That jerk Parker?
Jerk.
I actually hear him, so.
A really great entrepreneur in the city.
And that he's really handsome.
A talented one.
And they donate a lot of money to charity.
Can you just start talking about him?
You're giving me the egg.
Can you just tell me what you wanted to tell me?
I forgot it.
I'm gonna go catch up with Gary,
so...
You stay here, huh?
Thanks a lot for that.
Apparently, she already hates me.
Have you done anything in the past to hurt her?
No, wait.
I met her last week.
So, what?
Could've told you were the top tycoon in New York.
Bet you 99% of women would've loved to hear that.
She hates you.
So, if you tell her identity, it's game over.
Here's an idea.
How about you just keep your identity a secret?
Some Christina into the lion's den.
Christina.
This is a glass art piece that a client ordered.
If you break it, prepare to be fired.
Hey, honey, I'll be coming home a little bit late.
I need to do the grip package to a client.
Oh dear.
You are married?
I need to talk about this at home.
And how long were you planning to keep this marriage from us?
You haven't dated in years.
Your last wife was more married with convenience over love.
Look, I want to meet my daughter-in-law.
Honey, we have to get gifts.
The lake house in Los Angeles.
You know, the one in Vancouver is much better.
So soon.
Look, mom, you got to relax.
You guys can meet her again.
There's no wealthy, there's just no driver.
What?
You're deceiving her into a marriage?
Look, there's no time to explain, but I need you both to change your clothes.
What's taking so long?
Hey, honey.
Evan?
Come on in.